All reviews of Coffeeshops
Business # _GduVeJd3dK0t_vcLHVV7Q
0 - BlEnPoqz7iM5E_3jpa3Djg -Located in the back of the casino floor (right side) is this Starbucks.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  My husband and I got our coffee fix here and it was perfect!

Next time I come to Luxor, I will come here for sure!
1 - DkcxfaIckRdwD_oOtZ4g2g -Wished people would quit their bitching and complaining. This is a starbucks. Opens at 05:00 conveniently inside my hotel. Yesterday, I ordered THREE different drinks AND three different breakfast sandwiches. The one lady working there whipped them all up for me with a smile no prob. 
Average prices for sbux
Complaining about sbux prices? Bring your complaining self to a dunkin or McD for their nasty CHEAPER coffee and quit your crying. 

Were you expecting an intermezzo to cleanse your palate? Seriously.

Business # 9wy7IaF95CkyYXjavlfglA
0 - GRJGeQ8EK_3bhltG0EK_ug -The best nordie bar to snack on. Grab a few lattes and good to go. Hot drinks and cold ones too. Yummy!
1 - LvjSbulj4VGGAig3qt3gmA -Great little coffee bar at the downstairs entrance of Nordstrom's inside the Chandler Fashion Square Mall. These guys took the Starbucks theme and made it as good or better. I think the coffee is a little better than Starbucks actually.  Try the Red Tea Latte!  It's fantastic!

The staff was very friendly too.
2 - _CPMnoUJ5FvNjBeMarf0jA -Everything I come to the mall, this is my go to place for coffee and sweet bread. The people are fantastic, more businesses should learn from them

Business # qOVxqcEobLm6LV206KphIw
0 - 77R8Cf1AeQEDsAZxOD8Org -Great coffee, little on the pricey side, but the baristas are always so pleasant! I go here every once in a while, and they know me by name even though I don't always order coffee. I love going here, their food is always fresh and delicious! If you're looking for coffee in the mall, this is it.
1 - GSiH9zEf40De3SQ_tkNXGQ -I AM IN LOVE. 

I had a literal real-life foodgasm. 

Three words: HONEY ALMOND LATTE. oh lawd, it is a gift of the over-priced, trendy, cafe gods. Got it with stevia and soy milk and it was amazing! I will probably never visit the Starbucks inside the Fashion Show again! 

Friendly staff with a cute, trendy feel. There's also a seating area right outside of Nordstrom to just take a break from shopping and catch up! 

Sister got the Sunset Iced Tea and it was totes refreshing! You don't have to love Nordstrom's (but who the hell wouldn't?) but you can love Ebar.
2 - -Tu3mmmx_DAgiNl3QbW8dg -I love Nordstrom's Ebar! From Cali to Nevada....they have such delicious drinks! I've had their iced coffees, iced teas, and occasionally I'll have a vanilla creme soda. Anytime I go to the mall and need a lil somethin' somethin'.....this would be my first choice for buying a  beverage.
3 - -3kRGsePyHUYs4Om-LkIFA -The honey almond latte is my all time favorite but I'm trying a honey hazelnut today. I absolutely love this place and always look forward to visiting when I'm at fashion show. Can't get enough!
4 - 9cuzJPQ28ZAwM3rMYgpG_Q -Ginger Peach tea - no sweetener needed!  DO IT!
5 - XdHGFYfPSbZNcyt62IWPGQ -It's true what they say, the Iced Honey Almond Latté is divine. As an avid coffee drinker, I don't know why I didn't check this place any sooner. I don't mind a pricey latté, especially if it's this tasty!
6 - k_gXsUmqrUTItjCHdYWE-w -ALWAYS A TABLE

I can't say I've been here a hundred times... but it's close. I carry a SB card, but I prefer to have my cup of java here in the clean and comfortable setting. i do miss the piano music, but it's the sign of the times. The new music are the Norstrom shoppers who walk by me.
7 - TS-LOehOIlkxkUiln7z1uQ -Drinks as good as Starbucks, a bit cheaper and no long lines! Definitely worth a stop. Today's choice is the bomb! Orange cream!
8 - DWeoCgYQOMH_6CruTCoRHQ -Drinks as good as Starbucks, a bit cheaper and no long lines! Definitely worth a stop. Today's choice is the bomb! Orange cream!
9 - YpYYL60uYcn7AamDtvwhlQ -This place is amazingly good!  Tried the Honey Almond Latte upon recommendations from Yelp. I did it americano style with a splash of soy and it was soooooo good! Prices great...no lines and nice seating area right outside Nordstrom's!  20 minute drive for me but worth it!!!!
10 - toQ8EAHvDgv_E7OEknlQ-A -I love the coffee!! Everyone here is always nice. I get the same thing all the time. Definitely beats Starbucks

Business # 5VdDAYDLYb0WdqbaoPs_WQ
0 - yUg1wPpWlHeqXR-1d29ARQ -Best Coffee!!! Best service!!! The manager Lizzie really has that place running like a well oiled machine. It is a delight to go there no matter who is waiting on me. The coffee is phenomenal! The food selections are terrific! Every time I go there it makes my day a little brighter. If you have never been here then you are missing out on hands down the best espresso bar in all of Charlotte!!! Go there! It will not disappoint!
1 - nYiFJOHpKzDmCG-NVaXJKg -Great simple coffee bar, the line goes fast and its not as generic as the Starbucks in the mall. They also sell smoothies. Will be back for sure. 5 stars.
2 - c1qd6Dw_IR8sT_M6A7TrNw -Truthfully, I didn't expect much from this place when I first saw it, but then I noticed they do pour-overs. Very very good quality pour-overs with your choice of at least two different roasts. 

The baristas are fantastically skilled and friendly!




